Update the incomplete steps to add a custom header column (#2686)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/network/reference.md

#### Add custom columns

> To add a custom column to the Requests table, right-click the header of the Requests table and then select **Response Headers** > **Manage Header Columns**. In the **Manage Header Columns** popup window, click **Add Custom Header**. Enter the custom header name and click **Add** to add a new column to the requests table. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a custom column to the Requests table, right-click the header of the Requests table and then select **Response Headers** > **Manage Header Columns**. The **Manage Header Columns** popup window opens.  Click the **Add custom header** button, enter the custom header name, and then click **Add**. 
```
brought wording closer to standard action > result UI format.  Lowercased button name per UI label.  

gh rendered section (commit-specific):
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/447e4f1c612cee93f1fc5f3cab2a8785cf86098c/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/network/reference.md#add-custom-columns
